So back in our code here and to start game screen which is the first screen we see.
We could already see that our two buttons are reset and confirm although we're in position that great
in our button container.
So let's have a look at the styling we set up down there and what we can see here is that we assign
the width of one hundred percent on the button container.
But what's this size referring to.
Well this size on this view here of course if we say 100 percent in the end refers to the surrounding
parent which in this case is discarded this input container.
And on this input container we actually set a width of 300 and dead somebody is too small combined with
our buttons which we have a fixed width of one hundred we get is look which we don't want which we by
the way can see if we change something so that our app rebuilds and therefore restarts.
Then we see that start screen again here.
That's the look we don't want.
So what do we want here.
Well maybe we don't want the width of three hundred here but a more flexible width we're setting a max
width of 80 percent what we could do here is we could always set a width of let's say 80 or 90 percent
and simply make sure that this should always have a men with a 300 so that we always have at least this
many pixels in case we have a small device where 80 percent would be less than that that we have at
least this and now it is would look better here.
Why.
Because now we have 80 percent as a default.
And prior to that we had it as a max with.
So now by setting it to a default this ensures that this is not our limit.
Instead it's our default size.
But we also set up that we want to have a min width of 300 on this small device.
This man with this overruling our default width because 80 percent would actually be less than 300 on
this small device.
Now of course you could have even smaller device where this rule however leads to an issue where men
width of three hundred basically means that your device is smaller than that it's not wide enough and
therefore your container would go beyond the boundaries of our screen.
So it is still might not be the perfect rule but it's certainly better as we can see here because on
the bigger screen this does still looks good here on the iPhone on the smaller screen does not always
looks good.
Now to ensure that we never leave our boundaries we can also set a max width and set this to let's say
95 percent so that we have at least a little bit of spacing around it.
Now we ensure that our container never will go outside of our screen but it tries to take 80 percent
but in case we have a super small screen it will take 300.
But again never more than 95 percent of the available with.
So now we simply set up more flexible rules here which work on a broader range of devices which while
as you can tell is a bit better here.